feat: add depth option (#561)
vercel/nft: readme.md

Note that cache invalidations are not supported so the assumption is that the file system is not changed between runs.

#### Depth

The `depth` option controls how many levels of dependencies to trace from the entry point files. This can be useful for limiting the scope of the trace or for debugging purposes:

```js
const { fileList } = await nodeFileTrace(files, {
  depth: 2,
});
```

> With `depth: 0`, only the entry point files themselves are included in the trace, with no dependencies followed. With `depth: 1`, the entry points and their direct dependencies are included, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `depth: 0`, only the entry point files themselves are included in the trace, with no additional modules. With `depth: 1`, the entry points and their directly imported modules are traced, and so on.
```
